Add more links to tutorials (#4480)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/AlgebraicGeometry/intro.md

- [The Stacks Project](https://stacks.math.columbia.edu)

## Tutorials

We encourage you to take a look at our [tutorials](https://www.oscar-system.org/tutorials/). For instance,

> there is a [tutorial for toric geometry in OSCAR](https://nbviewer.org/github/oscar-system/oscar-website/blob/gh-pages/tutorials/ToricGeometryInOSCAR.ipynb).

Reviewer: Why not also this?
```suggestion
there is a [tutorial for toric geometry in OSCAR](https://www.oscar-system.org/tutorials/ToricGeometry/).
```

Author: Slipped my attention. Thx for the pointer!
